
# Polymaps
Polymaps is a free JavaScript library for making dynamic, interactive maps in
modern web browsers. See <http://polymaps.org> for more details.

This is the `master` branch, which contains the Polymaps source code. If
you're looking for the Polymaps website, you should checkout the `gh-pages`
branch instead.

## Viewing Examples

You'll find lots of Polymaps examples in the suitably-named `examples`
directory. Open any of the HTML files there in your browser to view the
examples, or open them in your text editor of choice to view the source. Most
of the examples are replicated on the [Polymaps website](http://polymaps.org),
though a few of them are only visible locally.

Some of the examples depend on third-party libraries, such as jQuery. These
third-party libraries are not required to use Polymaps but can certainly make
it easier! All third-party libraries should be stored in the `lib` directory,
with an associated `LICENSE` file and optional `README`.

## Filing Bugs

We use GitHub to track issues with Polymaps. You can search for existing
issues, and file new issues, here:

  <http://github.com/simplegeo/polymaps/issues>

You are welcome to file issues either for bugs in the source code, feature
requests, or issues with the Polymaps website.

## Support

If you have questions or problems regarding Polymaps, you can get help by
joining the `#polymaps` IRC channel on irc.freenode.net. You are also welcome
to send GitHub messages or tweets to `mbostock`.

## Build Instructions

Run 
```
$ make docker
```

... or manually

```
$ docker build -t polymaps --rm .
$ docker run -ti --name polymaps-build polymaps
$ docker cp polymaps-build:/usr/src/polymaps/polymaps.js .
$ docker cp polymaps-build:/usr/src/polymaps/polymaps.min.js .

$ docker rm -v polymaps-build

```
